action row structure (#5228)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/interactions/Message_Components.md

## Action Rows

An Action Row is a container component for other types of components.

- You can have up to 5 Action Rows per message
- An Action Row cannot contain another Action Row

###### Action Row Structure

| Field      | Type                                                | Description                                                                               |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | type       | integer                                             | `1` for a action row                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| type       | integer                                             | `1` for an action row                                                                      |
```

> | components | array of [component](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_MESSAGE_COMPONENTS/action-rows-action-row-structure) objects | a list of component objects such as buttons and select menus              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| components | array of [component objects](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_MESSAGE_COMPONENTS/component-object) | Components included in the action row. Cannot include another action row            |
```
